README.md, before:

pulp_win
========

Initial Pulp plugin to handle Windows MSI packages

WARNING: Might be lots of bugs. 

### Requirements

Need the following to be able to upload MSIs from Linux:
  *  msitools-0.01 

http://bonzini.fedorapeople.org/msitools-0.01.tar.gz

### Installation

Build the RPMs from spec file

```
Example Usage:

    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo create --serve-http=true  --repo-id win-test-repo
    Successfully created repository [win-test-repo]
    
    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo uploads msi -f nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi --repo-id win-test-repo
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
                                  Unit Upload
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
    
    Extracting necessary metadata for each request...
    [==================================================] 100%
    Analyzing: nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi
    ... completed
    
    Creating upload requests on the server...
    [==================================================] 100%
    Initializing: nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi
    ... completed
    
    Starting upload of selected units. If this process is stopped through ctrl+c,
    the uploads will be paused and may be resumed later using the resume command or
    cancelled entirely using the cancel command.
    
    Uploading: nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi
    [==================================================] 100%
    3584000/3584000 bytes
    ... completed
    
    Importing into the repository...
    ... completed
    
    Deleting the upload request...
    ... completed
    
    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo publish run --repo-id win-test-repo 
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
                     Publishing Repository [win-test-repo]
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
    
    This command may be exited by pressing ctrl+c without affecting the actual
    operation on the server.
    
    Publishing packages...
    [==================================================] 100%
    Packages: 1/1 items
    ... completed
    
    Publishing repository over HTTP
    [-]
    ... completed

    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo content msi  --repo-id win-test-repo
    Productname:    NXLOG-CE
    Productversion: 2.5.1089
    Checksum:       06f3a9975ae920aa6058887cc5be55c5
    Checksumtype:   md5
```

Commit message:

Port to pulp 2.10 (#2)
* Refactored configuration and publishing (BAREOS-690)

Change-Id: I98de4d230502d2e0b167b44fc6fd9f97c4a32356

* Refactored configuration and publishing (BAREOS-690)

Change-Id: I04b50d1a225bda0b2cb943bde2c64128bce7b463

* Fixed metadata format for win (BAREOS-1718)

Change-Id: Iaa24c279b8385f0d05678e777387eb4796d8f464

* Revert ProductName/ProductVersion to name/version (BAREOS-1719)

Change-Id: Icdff6dbe56ab669f53481d3b32992d3e609382d0

* Added support for MSM files (BAREOS-1587)

Added tests for the admin extension.

Change-Id: Icbbc83c60fafcb4f24fc659005f58752fda0bac3

* Port win plugin to pulp 2.10 (BAREOS-1939)

Change-Id: I38f4a7fb71a5d4971400f0ce0cece7e22399eae6

* Added ProductCode and UpgradeCode to the repomd data (BAREOS-2026)

Change-Id: Ib27688b4c4f0c0488de152e8e0f5ca02cf245a1f

* Updated README.md to clarify the requirement for msitools

Change-Id: Ib64f811321c08565dd93678ae97ace7a3d4ab37f

README.md, after:

pulp_win
========

Initial Pulp plugin to handle Windows MSI packages

WARNING: Might be lots of bugs.

### Requirements

Admin extensions do not need any additional tools.
Server extensions need msitools, which is available in Fedora. The Fedora 23
package has been confirmed to work on CentOS 7.

### Installation

Build the RPMs from spec file

```
Example Usage:

    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo create --serve-http=true  --repo-id win-test-repo
    Successfully created repository [win-test-repo]
    
    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo uploads msi -f nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi --repo-id win-test-repo
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
                                  Unit Upload
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
    
    Extracting necessary metadata for each request...
    [==================================================] 100%
    Analyzing: nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi
    ... completed
    
    Creating upload requests on the server...
    [==================================================] 100%
    Initializing: nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi
    ... completed
    
    Starting upload of selected units. If this process is stopped through ctrl+c,
    the uploads will be paused and may be resumed later using the resume command or
    cancelled entirely using the cancel command.
    
    Uploading: nxlog-ce-2.5.1089.msi
    [==================================================] 100%
    3584000/3584000 bytes
    ... completed
    
    Importing into the repository...
    ... completed
    
    Deleting the upload request...
    ... completed
    
    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo publish run --repo-id win-test-repo 
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
                     Publishing Repository [win-test-repo]
    +----------------------------------------------------------------------+
    
    This command may be exited by pressing ctrl+c without affecting the actual
    operation on the server.
    
    Publishing packages...
    [==================================================] 100%
    Packages: 1/1 items
    ... completed
    
    Publishing repository over HTTP
    [-]
    ... completed

    ~ $  pulp-admin win repo content msi  --repo-id win-test-repo
    Productname:    NXLOG-CE
    Productversion: 2.5.1089
    Checksum:       06f3a9975ae920aa6058887cc5be55c5
    Checksumtype:   md5
```
